website/docs/overview/development.mdx, before:

---
title: Development
---

FlatifyCSS is written in [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/), which we compile to CSS & JavaScript using [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/), in this page we will cover the development process.

## Setup

To use Gulp, we need to install it globally with `npm i gulp-cli -g`, and then run `npm install` in the root directory of FlatifyCSS. If everything is okay, we can run `gulp` in the root directory to compile the FlatifyCSS stylesheet and JavaScript file.

## Sass

In the root directory of FlatifyCSS, we have a `/scss` directory, which contains the Sass files we will use to build the FlatifyCSS stylesheet.
There are two files in this directory: `flatify.scss` and `flatify-rtl.scss`. The `flatify.scss` file is the main file we use to extend the base stylesheet, and the `flatify-rtl.scss` file is used to compile stylesheets for RTL.
Afterward to write your code to extend the current features create a file e.g. `_my-file.scss` and import it into the `flatify.scss` file.

## JavaScript

JavaScript is the same as Sass, in the `/js` directory use the `flatify.js` file to extend features, we use Webpack so it is possible to use [the import and export feature of ES6](https://webpack.js.org/api/module-methods/#es6-recommended).

## Gulp tasks

Inside the `gulpfile.js` all tasks are defined, you can use these tasks to compile files or watch for changes automatically.

### gulp

Run a single task to compile `scss` and `js` files, this is the default task and consider changes as **prerelease**.

:::info Parameters
You can use the `--ver` parameter to set the desired version or use `--type` to change the bump version type. For example: `--ver "1.0.0"` or `--type "minor"`. The default bump version type is prerelease.
:::

### gulp watch

Use this task to watch for changes in the `scss` and `js` directories to compile them, note that this task use development settings to speed up the compile process, so generated files are not safe for product usage.

### gulp release

This task will create a release candidate, it will compile the `scss` and `js` files, bump version with **patch** type, commit all changes and create a tag.

:::info Parameters
You can use the `--ver` parameter to set the desired version or use `--type` to change the bump version type. For example: `--ver "1.0.0"` or `--type "minor"`. The default bump version type is patch.  
To change the commit and tag label you can set either `--m` or `--desc` parameters. For example: `--m "Release 1.0.0"` or `--desc "Release 1.0.0"`.
:::

:::success Prevent auto commit and tag
To prevent auto commit and tag you can set `--desc` or `--m` parameters to empty string, for example: `gulp release --m ""`.
:::

Commit message:

Docs - Updated intro page and added Code Guide for code standards part in the development's page

website/docs/overview/development.mdx, after:

---
title: Development
---

FlatifyCSS is written in [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/), which we compile to CSS & JavaScript using [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/), in this page we will cover the development process.

## Code standards

To keep things clean and organized, we apply [Code Guide](https://codeguide.co/) rules for development.

## Setup

To use Gulp, we need to install it globally with `npm i gulp-cli -g`, and then run `npm install` in the root directory of FlatifyCSS. If everything is okay, we can run `gulp` in the root directory to compile the FlatifyCSS stylesheet and JavaScript file.

## Sass

In the root directory of FlatifyCSS, we have a `/scss` directory, which contains the Sass files we will use to build the FlatifyCSS stylesheet.
There are two files in this directory: `flatify.scss` and `flatify-rtl.scss`. The `flatify.scss` file is the main file we use to extend the base stylesheet, and the `flatify-rtl.scss` file is used to compile stylesheets for RTL.
Afterward to write your code to extend the current features create a file e.g. `_my-file.scss` and import it into the `flatify.scss` file.

## JavaScript

JavaScript is the same as Sass, in the `/js` directory use the `flatify.js` file to extend features, we use Webpack so it is possible to use [the import and export feature of ES6](https://webpack.js.org/api/module-methods/#es6-recommended).

## Gulp tasks

Inside the `gulpfile.js` all tasks are defined, you can use these tasks to compile files or watch for changes automatically.

### gulp

Run a single task to compile `scss` and `js` files, this is the default task and consider changes as **prerelease**.

:::info Parameters
You can use the `--ver` parameter to set the desired version or use `--type` to change the bump version type. For example: `--ver "1.0.0"` or `--type "minor"`. The default bump version type is prerelease.
:::

### gulp watch

Use this task to watch for changes in the `scss` and `js` directories to compile them, note that this task use development settings to speed up the compile process, so generated files are not safe for product usage.

### gulp release

This task will create a release candidate, it will compile the `scss` and `js` files, bump version with **patch** type, commit all changes and create a tag.

:::info Parameters
You can use the `--ver` parameter to set the desired version or use `--type` to change the bump version type. For example: `--ver "1.0.0"` or `--type "minor"`. The default bump version type is patch.  
To change the commit and tag label you can set either `--m` or `--desc` parameters. For example: `--m "Release 1.0.0"` or `--desc "Release 1.0.0"`.
:::

:::success Prevent auto commit and tag
To prevent auto commit and tag you can set `--desc` or `--m` parameters to empty string, for example: `gulp release --m ""`.
:::
