website/docs/components/close-button.mdx, before:

---
title: Close button
sidebar_position: 5
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

By adding `.close-button` to a `<button>` it will be an button with close icon.

:::info Accessibility matters!
You do not need to add anything inside close button element but it is necessary to set `aria-label` HTML attribute for accessibility purposes. [Read more about aria-label usage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques/Using_the_aria-label_attribute).
:::

<PreviewBox
	height="85px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Close button</title>
	</head>
	<body>
        <div class="flex-center">
			<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"/></button>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"></button>
```

### Sizes

To change the button size use [size setter classes](/docs/helpers/size-setters).
These classes just set a `font-size` property so it is possible to change it yourself by writing custom CSS.

<PreviewBox
	height="125px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Close button</title>
	</head>
	<body>
        <div class="flex-center">
			<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button size-lg" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button size-2x" aria-label="Close"/></button>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button size-lg" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button size-2x" aria-label="Close"/></button>
```

### Colors

There are helper classes for styling elements like button, first read about [color setter classes](/docs/helpers/color-setters) for having button which diffrent background and text color.

<PreviewBox
	height="100px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Close button</title>
		<style>
			.close-button{
				margin: 5px !important;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
        <div class="flex-center" style="flex-wrap: wrap">
			<button class="close-button style-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button style-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button style-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button style-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<button class="close-button style-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button style-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button style-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button style-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>

<button class="close-button color-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button color-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button color-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button color-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>
```

Commit message:

Fixed blockquote icon color and size | fixed input wrapper indicators space

website/docs/components/close-button.mdx, after:

---
title: Close button
sidebar_position: 5
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

By adding `.close-button` to a `<button>` it will be an button with close icon.

:::info Accessibility matters!
You do not need to add anything inside the close button element but it is necessary to set an `aria-label` HTML attribute for accessibility purposes. [Read more about aria-label usage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques/Using_the_aria-label_attribute).
:::

<PreviewBox
	height="85px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Close button</title>
	</head>
	<body>
        <div class="flex-center">
			<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"/></button>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"></button>
```

### Sizes

To change the button size use [size setter classes](/docs/helpers/size-setters).
These classes just set a `font-size` property so it is possible to change it yourself by writing custom CSS.

<PreviewBox
	height="125px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Close button</title>
	</head>
	<body>
        <div class="flex-center">
			<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button size-lg" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button size-2x" aria-label="Close"/></button>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<button class="close-button" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button size-lg" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button size-2x" aria-label="Close"/></button>
```

### Colors

There are helper classes for styling elements like button, first read about [color setter classes](/docs/helpers/color-setters) for having button which diffrent background and text color.

<PreviewBox
	height="100px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Close button</title>
		<style>
			.close-button{
				margin: 5px !important;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
        <div class="flex-center" style="flex-wrap: wrap">
			<button class="close-button style-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button style-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button style-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button style-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
			<button class="close-button color-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<button class="close-button style-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button style-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button style-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button style-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>

<button class="close-button color-success" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button color-warning" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button color-purple" aria-label="Close"/></button>
<button class="close-button color-red" aria-label="Close"/></button>
```

### Customization

It is possible to change the close button icon with both `_config.scss` and CSS variables.

Inside `_config.scss` find `$CLOSE_ICON` and set svg of customized icon with this format:

```scss title="_config.scss"
$CLOSE_ICON: url("data:image/svg+xml; utf8, YOUR SVG CODE HERE");
```

or

change its CSS variable:

```css title="style.css"
--flatify__close-icon: url("data:image/svg+xml; utf8, YOUR SVG CODE HERE");
```
