website/docs/forms/checkbox.mdx, before:

---
title: Checkbox
sidebar_position: 3
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

Default checkboxes can be customized with Flatify CSS, it is done with pure CSS which has a clean design and is keyboard friendly, also easy to have one.  
First you need to wrap your checkbox with the `.checkbox-wrapper` class (it is better to wrap with `<label> tag`), and add `<span class="check"></span> after the input, that is it and now you have a custom checkbox.

<PreviewBox
	height="100px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" checked/>
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html {3} title="index.html"
<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>
```

### States

A checkbox might be checked, disabled or Indeterminate, so it is necessary to know about them. By adding the `checked` HTML attribute it will be checked. The `disabled` attribute will remove element functionality. Checkboxes can be both checked and disabled at the same time.  
Indeterminate is the neutral state when a checkbox is neither or either true or false, as MDN Web Docs [mentions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/checkbox#indeterminate_state_checkboxes):

<blockquote>
	No browser currently supports indeterminate as an attribute. It must be set via JavaScript. See Indeterminate state
	checkboxes for details.
</blockquote>

Though indeterminate is not an HTML attribute but can be styled by CSS also reading [this article from CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/indeterminate-checkboxes/)
helps you understand its usage more.

<PreviewBox
	height="230px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am disabled.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" checked disabled/>
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am checked and disabled!
		</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am not checked.
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" checked/>
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am checked!
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" class="indeterminate-checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am neither false or true. (by Javascript)
    	</label>
    </body>
    <script>
    	document.querySelector(".indeterminate-checkbox").indeterminate = true;
    </script>
</html>'
/>

## Sizes

To change the checkbox size use [size setter classes](/docs/helpers/size-setters).
These classes just set a `font-size` property so it is possible to change it yourself by writing custom CSS. Do not forget to add class to the wrapper to change label size as well.

<PreviewBox
	height="240px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-xs" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-lg" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-3x" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-xs">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>

<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-xs">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>

<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-lg">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>

<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-3x">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>
```

## Checkbox buttons

It is possible to change checkboxes appearance similar to buttons, it is a bit different from custom checkboxes also it is necessary to [read about buttons](/docs/components/buttons), here is an example:

<PreviewBox
	height="150px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="flex-center">
			<input id="my-checkbox-button1" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button1" class="button style-blue">Pizza</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button2" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button2" class="button style-red">Sushi</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button3" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button3" class="button style-green">Taco</label>
		</div>
		<div class="flex-center">
			<input id="my-checkbox-button4" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button4" class="button outline style-blue">Pizza</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button5" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button5" class="button outline style-red">Sushi</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button6" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button6" class="button outline style-green">Taco</label>
		</div>
    </body>

</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<input id="my-checkbox-button1" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" name="checkbox-button" />
<label for="my-checkbox-button1" class="button style-blue">Pizza</label>

<input id="my-checkbox-button2" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" name="checkbox-button" />
<label for="my-checkbox-button2" class="button style-red">Sushi</label>

<input id="my-checkbox-button3" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" name="checkbox-button" />
<label for="my-checkbox-button3" class="button style-green">Taco</label>
```

## Customization

There are CSS variables for customizing checkboxes:

`--flatify__form-element-accent-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-bg-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-txt-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid`

Here is an example of these variables usage:

<PreviewBox
	height="240px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
		<style>
			.checkbox-wrapper{
				--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37BC9B;
				--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #FFCE54;
				--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434A54;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color: #E0C341;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #F6BB42;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5D9CEC;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067B7;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #BF263C;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
		<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am a customized checkbox.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" checked disabled/>
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am a customized checkbox.
		</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am a customized checkbox.
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" checked/>
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am a customized checkbox.
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" class="indeterminate-checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am a customized checkbox.
    	</label>
    </body>
    <script>
    	document.querySelector(".indeterminate-checkbox").indeterminate = true;
    </script>
</html>'
/>

```css title="style.css"
.checkbox-wrapper {
	--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37bc9b;
	--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #ffce54;
	--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434a54;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color: #e0c341;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #f6bb42;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5d9cec;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067b7;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #bf263c;
}
```

Commit message:

Added radio/checkbox/toggle validation classes + docs

website/docs/forms/checkbox.mdx, after:

---
title: Checkbox
sidebar_position: 3
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

Default checkboxes can be customized with Flatify CSS, it is done with pure CSS which has a clean design and is keyboard friendly, also easy to have one.  
First you need to wrap your checkbox with the `.checkbox-wrapper` class (it is better to wrap with `<label> tag`), and add `<span class="check"></span> after the input, that is it and now you have a custom checkbox.

<PreviewBox
	height="100px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" checked/>
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html {3} title="index.html"
<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>
```

### States

A checkbox might be checked, disabled or Indeterminate, so it is necessary to know about them. By adding the `checked` HTML attribute it will be checked. The `disabled` attribute will remove element functionality. Checkboxes can be both checked and disabled at the same time.  
Indeterminate is the neutral state when a checkbox is neither or either true or false, as MDN Web Docs [mentions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/checkbox#indeterminate_state_checkboxes):

<blockquote>
	No browser currently supports indeterminate as an attribute. It must be set via JavaScript. See Indeterminate state
	checkboxes for details.
</blockquote>

Though indeterminate is not an HTML attribute but can be styled by CSS also reading [this article from CSS Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/indeterminate-checkboxes/)
helps you understand its usage more.

<PreviewBox
	height="230px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am disabled.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" checked disabled/>
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am checked and disabled!
		</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am not checked.
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" checked/>
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am checked!
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" class="indeterminate-checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am neither false or true. (by Javascript)
    	</label>
    </body>
    <script>
    	document.querySelector(".indeterminate-checkbox").indeterminate = true;
    </script>
</html>'
/>

:::info Validation
There are `.valid`, `.warning` and `.invalid` classes for validation. You can add them to `.checkbox-wrapper`.
:::

## Sizes

To change the checkbox size use [size setter classes](/docs/helpers/size-setters).
These classes just set a `font-size` property so it is possible to change it yourself by writing custom CSS. Do not forget to add class to the wrapper to change label size as well.

<PreviewBox
	height="240px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-xs" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-lg" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-3x" style="width: 100%">
			<input type="checkbox" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I Agree to Privacy Policy.
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-xs">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>

<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-xs">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>

<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-lg">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>

<label class="checkbox-wrapper size-3x">
	<input type="checkbox" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	I Agree to Privacy Policy.
</label>
```

## Checkbox buttons

It is possible to change checkboxes appearance similar to buttons, it is a bit different from custom checkboxes also it is necessary to [read about buttons](/docs/components/buttons), here is an example:

<PreviewBox
	height="150px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Checkboxes</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="flex-center">
			<input id="my-checkbox-button1" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button1" class="button style-blue">Pizza</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button2" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button2" class="button style-red">Sushi</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button3" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button3" class="button style-green">Taco</label>
		</div>
		<div class="flex-center">
			<input id="my-checkbox-button4" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button4" class="button outline style-blue">Pizza</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button5" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button5" class="button outline style-red">Sushi</label>
			<input id="my-checkbox-button6" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" 	name="checkbox-button" />
			<label for="my-checkbox-button6" class="button outline style-green">Taco</label>
		</div>
    </body>

</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<input id="my-checkbox-button1" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" name="checkbox-button" />
<label for="my-checkbox-button1" class="button style-blue">Pizza</label>

<input id="my-checkbox-button2" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" name="checkbox-button" />
<label for="my-checkbox-button2" class="button style-red">Sushi</label>

<input id="my-checkbox-button3" class="checkbox-button" type="checkbox" name="checkbox-button" />
<label for="my-checkbox-button3" class="button style-green">Taco</label>
```

## Customization

There are CSS variables for customizing checkboxes:

`--flatify__form-element-accent-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-bg-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-txt-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid`

Here is an example of these variables usage:

<PreviewBox
	height="240px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
		<style>
			.checkbox-wrapper{
				--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37BC9B;
				--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #FFCE54;
				--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434A54;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color: #E0C341;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #F6BB42;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5D9CEC;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067B7;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #BF263C;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
		<body>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am a customized checkbox.
		</label>
		<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" checked disabled/>
			<span class="check"></span>
			I am a customized checkbox.
		</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am a customized checkbox.
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" checked/>
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am a customized checkbox.
    	</label>
    	<label class="checkbox-wrapper">
    		<input type="checkbox" class="indeterminate-checkbox" />
    		<span class="check"></span>
    		I am a customized checkbox.
    	</label>
    </body>
    <script>
    	document.querySelector(".indeterminate-checkbox").indeterminate = true;
    </script>
</html>'
/>

```css title="style.css"
.checkbox-wrapper {
	--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37bc9b;
	--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #ffce54;
	--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434a54;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color: #e0c341;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #f6bb42;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5d9cec;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067b7;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #bf263c;
}
```
