website/docs/forms/inputs.mdx, before:

---
title: Inputs
sidebar_position: 1
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

On this page we will talk about how to style inputs for a form with Flatify CSS, by default inputs get Flatify CSS style but you can reset to default with the `.default` class.

## Label

### Inline label

By default input labels are inline until you add `.form-label` which is necessary, in this case, if you add the `.inline` class to the `<label>` it will be inline.

<PreviewBox
	height="200px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
			<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label inline">Enter you name</label>
			<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
			<br>
			<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
			<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
	</body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="form-label inline" for="my-text-input">Enter you name</label>
<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />

<label class="form-label" for="my-text-input"> Enter you name </label>
<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
```

### Floating label

The floating label is inside the input and it seems like a placeholder, how it works is done by pure CSS and it is necessary to set a placeholder for input, though it does not show it.
To have a floating label first wrap both input and label with `.input-wrapper` & `.floating-label` classes and place the label after input.

<PreviewBox
	height="110px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
			<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
			<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>'
/>

```html {1,3} title="index.html"
<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
	<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
</div>
```

## Validation

Input invalid state is red by default however you can have valid and warning states as well. You can use `.valid`, `.warning`, `.invalid` classes both for input or input wrapper. The diffrence between them is simple if you add these classes to the `.input-wrapper` it will show an indicator icon.

<PreviewBox
	height="620px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input class="valid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input class="warning" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input class="invalid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<br>
		<label for="my-email-input" class="form-label">Enter you email</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper valid">
			<input id="my-email-input" type="email" placeholder="Enter you email" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-email-input" class="form-label">Enter you email</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper warning">
			<input id="my-email-input" type="email" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-email-input" class="form-label">Enter you email</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper invalid">
			<input id="my-email-input" type="email" placeholder="Enter you email" />
		</div>
	</body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
// Validation classes added to the input
<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input class="valid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input class="warning" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input class="invalid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

// Validation classes added to the .input-wrapper
<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper valid">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper warning">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper invalid">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>
```

### Validation demo

Here is an example of how to use validation classes to have a dynamic input.

<PreviewBox
	height="140px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
			<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
			<label for="password" class="form-label">Enter new password</label>
		</div>
		<p class="help-text size-sm">
			Password length should be more than 8 chars with letters.
		</p>
	</body>
	<script>
		const elem_wrapper = document.querySelector(".input-wrapper");
		const elem_password = document.querySelector("#password");
		const elem_help = document.querySelector(".help-text");
    	elem_password.addEventListener("keyup", function () {
    		if (elem_password.value.length >= 8) {
    			if (/[a-zA-Z]/.test(elem_password.value)) {
    				elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "warning");
    				elem_wrapper.classList.add("valid");
    				elem_help.innerText = "You chose the perfect password!";
    			} else {
    				elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "valid");
    				elem_wrapper.classList.add("warning");
    				elem_help.innerText = "You can add some letters as well!";
    			}
    		} else {
    			elem_wrapper.classList.remove("valid", "warning");
    			elem_wrapper.classList.add("invalid");
    			elem_help.innerText = "Password length should be more than 8 chars.";
    		}
    	});
    </script>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
	<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
	<label for="password" class="form-label">Enter new password</label>
</div>
<p class="help-text size-sm">Password length should be more than 8 chars with letters.</p>
```

```javascript title="main.js"
const elem_wrapper = document.querySelector(".input-wrapper");
const elem_password = document.querySelector("#password");
const elem_help = document.querySelector(".help-text");

// check on keyup
elem_password.addEventListener("keyup", function () {
	// should have length of eight chars
	if (elem_password.value.length >= 8) {
		// should have at least one letter
		if (/[a-zA-Z]/.test(elem_password.value)) {
			elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "warning");
			elem_wrapper.classList.add("valid");
			elem_help.innerText = "You chose the perfect password!";
		} else {
			elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "valid");
			elem_wrapper.classList.add("warning");
			elem_help.innerText = "You can add some letters as well!";
		}
	} else {
		// invalid if does not have 8 chars length and letter
		elem_wrapper.classList.remove("valid", "warning");
		elem_wrapper.classList.add("invalid");
		elem_help.innerText = "Password length should be more than 8 chars.";
	}
});
```

## Show password button

It is a built in button that helps you change the type of input from password to text, so user can see the password. Having this button is pretty simple you just need to add a `<button>` with `.show-password-button` class inside the `.input-wrapper` element.

<PreviewBox
	height="150px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Buttons</title>
        <script src="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/flatifycss/master/dist/js/flatify-min.js"></script>
    </head>
    <body>
        <label for="password" class="form-label">New password</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
			<button class="show-password-button" aria-label="Show password"></button>
		</div>
    </body>
</html>
'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label for="password" class="form-label">New password</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
	<button class="show-password-button" aria-label="Show password"></button>
</div>
```

Commit message:

Fixed blockquote icon color and size | fixed input wrapper indicators space

website/docs/forms/inputs.mdx, after:

---
title: Inputs
sidebar_position: 1
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

On this page we will talk about how to style inputs for a form with Flatify CSS, by default inputs get Flatify CSS style but you can reset to default with the `.default` class.

## Label

### Inline label

By default input labels are inline until you add `.form-label` which is necessary, in this case, if you add the `.inline` class to the `<label>` it will be inline.

<PreviewBox
	height="200px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
			<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label inline">Enter you name</label>
			<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
			<br>
			<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
			<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
	</body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="form-label inline" for="my-text-input">Enter you name</label>
<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />

<label class="form-label" for="my-text-input"> Enter you name </label>
<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
```

### Floating label

The floating label is inside the input and it seems like a placeholder, how it works is done by pure CSS and it is necessary to set a placeholder for input, though it does not show it.
To have a floating label first wrap both input and label with `.input-wrapper` & `.floating-label` classes and place the label after input.

<PreviewBox
	height="110px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
			<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
			<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>'
/>

```html {1,3} title="index.html"
<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
	<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
</div>
```

## Validation

Input invalid state is red by default however you can have valid and warning states as well. You can use `.valid`, `.warning`, `.invalid` classes both for input or input wrapper. The diffrence between them is simple if you add these classes to the `.input-wrapper` it will show an indicator icon.

<PreviewBox
	height="620px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input class="valid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input class="warning" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input class="invalid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<br>
		<label for="my-email-input" class="form-label">Enter you email</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper valid">
			<input id="my-email-input" type="email" placeholder="Enter you email" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-email-input" class="form-label">Enter you email</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper warning">
			<input id="my-email-input" type="email" placeholder="Enter you name" />
		</div>
		<label for="my-email-input" class="form-label">Enter you email</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper invalid">
			<input id="my-email-input" type="email" placeholder="Enter you email" />
		</div>
	</body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
// Validation classes added to the input
<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input class="valid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input class="warning" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input class="invalid" id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

// Validation classes added to the .input-wrapper
<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper valid">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper warning">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>

<label for="my-text-input" class="form-label">Enter you name</label>
<div class="input-wrapper invalid">
	<input id="my-text-input" type="text" placeholder="Enter you name" />
</div>
```

### Validation demo

Here is an example of how to use validation classes to have a dynamic input.

<PreviewBox
	height="140px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
			<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
			<label for="password" class="form-label">Enter new password</label>
		</div>
		<p class="help-text size-sm">
			Password length should be more than 8 chars with letters.
		</p>
	</body>
	<script>
		const elem_wrapper = document.querySelector(".input-wrapper");
		const elem_password = document.querySelector("#password");
		const elem_help = document.querySelector(".help-text");
    	elem_password.addEventListener("keyup", function () {
    		if (elem_password.value.length >= 8) {
    			if (/[a-zA-Z]/.test(elem_password.value)) {
    				elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "warning");
    				elem_wrapper.classList.add("valid");
    				elem_help.innerText = "You chose the perfect password!";
    			} else {
    				elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "valid");
    				elem_wrapper.classList.add("warning");
    				elem_help.innerText = "You can add some letters as well!";
    			}
    		} else {
    			elem_wrapper.classList.remove("valid", "warning");
    			elem_wrapper.classList.add("invalid");
    			elem_help.innerText = "Password length should be more than 8 chars.";
    		}
    	});
    </script>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<div class="input-wrapper floating-label">
	<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
	<label for="password" class="form-label">Enter new password</label>
</div>
<p class="help-text size-sm">Password length should be more than 8 chars with letters.</p>
```

```javascript title="main.js"
const elem_wrapper = document.querySelector(".input-wrapper");
const elem_password = document.querySelector("#password");
const elem_help = document.querySelector(".help-text");

// check on keyup
elem_password.addEventListener("keyup", function () {
	// should have length of eight chars
	if (elem_password.value.length >= 8) {
		// should have at least one letter
		if (/[a-zA-Z]/.test(elem_password.value)) {
			elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "warning");
			elem_wrapper.classList.add("valid");
			elem_help.innerText = "You chose the perfect password!";
		} else {
			elem_wrapper.classList.remove("invalid", "valid");
			elem_wrapper.classList.add("warning");
			elem_help.innerText = "You can add some letters as well!";
		}
	} else {
		// invalid if does not have 8 chars length and letter
		elem_wrapper.classList.remove("valid", "warning");
		elem_wrapper.classList.add("invalid");
		elem_help.innerText = "Password length should be more than 8 chars.";
	}
});
```

## Show password button

It is a built in button that helps you change the type of input from password to text, so user can see the password. Having this button is pretty simple you just need to add a `<button>` with `.show-password-button` class inside the `.input-wrapper.toggle-password` element.

:::info Accessibility matters!
You do not need to add anything inside the show password button element but it is necessary to set an `aria-label` HTML attribute for accessibility purposes. [Read more about aria-label usage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/ARIA_Techniques/Using_the_aria-label_attribute).
:::

<PreviewBox
	height="150px"
	children='
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Buttons</title>
        <script src="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/flatifycss/master/dist/js/flatify-min.js"></script>
    </head>
    <body>
        <label for="password" class="form-label">New password</label>
		<div class="input-wrapper">
			<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
			<button class="show-password-button" aria-label="Show password"></button>
		</div>
    </body>
</html>
'
/>

```html {4} title="index.html"
<label for="password" class="form-label">New password</label>
<div class="input-wrapper">
	<input required id="password" type="password" placeholder="Enter new password" />
	<button class="show-password-button" aria-label="Show password"></button>
</div>
```

### Changing icon

It is possible to change the eye icon with both `_config.scss` and CSS variables.

Inside `_config.scss` find `$EYE_ICON` and set svg of customized icon with this format:

```scss title="_config.scss"
$EYE_ICON: url("data:image/svg+xml; utf8, YOUR SVG CODE HERE");
```

or

change its CSS variable:

```css title="style.css"
--flatify__eye-icon: url("data:image/svg+xml; utf8, YOUR SVG CODE HERE");
```
