website/docs/forms/toggle.mdx, before:

---
title: Toggle switch
sidebar_position: 5
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

The toggle switch can be either checkbox or radio, it depends on the use-case and what you want to do.

## Checkbox toggle

All toggles can be checked.

<PreviewBox
	height="190px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Toggle switch</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Invert colors
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Night light
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Color correction
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	Night light
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	Color correction
</label>
```

## Radio toggle

One of them can be checked, note that radios' name attribute should be the same.

<PreviewBox
	height="180px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Toggle switch</title>
		<style>
			.toggle-wrapper svg{
				width: 2em;
				height: 2em;
				fill: #809cb6;
			}
			.brain .check{
				margin-left: 0.5em;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body class="flex-column-center">
		<label class="toggle-wrapper heart size-lg">
			<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" x="0" y="0" viewBox="18 22 55 50"> <path d="M63.878 30.241c-2.197-1.816-5.016-2.816-7.936-2.816-3.375 0-6.643 1.346-8.963 3.689-.418.422-.809.875-1.174 1.365-2.842-3.779-7.58-5.721-12.285-4.865-3.895.707-6.955 2.85-9.098 6.363-3.018 4.957-3.264 9.736-.73 14.209 1.357 2.398 3.117 4.73 5.375 7.127 4.141 4.404 9.045 8.586 15.441 13.162.406.287.842.432 1.295.432.701 0 1.176-.354 1.41-.529 5.682-4.055 10.342-7.961 14.248-11.943 2.211-2.252 4.719-5.021 6.553-8.475.785-1.479 1.682-3.467 1.627-5.738-.117-4.887-2.056-8.918-5.763-11.981z"></path> </svg>
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper brain size-lg">
			<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" x="0" y="0" enableBackground="new 0 0 100 100" viewBox="0 0 100 100" > <switch> <g> <path d="M5273.1 2400.1v-2c0-2.8-5-4-9.7-4s-9.7 1.3-9.7 4v2c0 1.8.7 3.6 2 4.9l5 4.9c.3.3.4.6.4 1v6.4c0 .4.2.7.6.8l2.9.9c.5.1 1-.2 1-.8v-7.2c0-.4.2-.7.4-1l5.1-5c1.3-1.3 2-3.1 2-4.9zm-9.7-.1c-4.8 0-7.4-1.3-7.5-1.8.1-.5 2.7-1.8 7.5-1.8s7.3 1.3 7.5 1.8c-.2.5-2.7 1.8-7.5 1.8z"></path> <path d="M5268.4 2410.3c-.6 0-1 .4-1 1s.4 1 1 1h4.3c.6 0 1-.4 1-1s-.4-1-1-1h-4.3zM5272.7 2413.7h-4.3c-.6 0-1 .4-1 1s.4 1 1 1h4.3c.6 0 1-.4 1-1s-.4-1-1-1zM5272.7 2417h-4.3c-.6 0-1 .4-1 1s.4 1 1 1h4.3c.6 0 1-.4 1-1 0-.5-.4-1-1-1z"></path> <g> <path d="M31 9.6c-.3 0-.6-.1-.9-.1-7.1 0-13 5.4-14.5 12.6.2 5 2.2 11.1 10 14.1 1 .4 1.6 1.6 1.1 2.6-.3.8-1.1 1.3-1.9 1.3-.2 0-.5 0-.7-.1-7.1-2.8-10.5-7.9-11.9-13.1-3.2 2.3-5.4 6.2-5.4 10.7 0 3.6 1.4 6.9 3.6 9.2-1.5 2.2-2.3 5-2.3 7.9 0 3.2 1.1 6.1 2.8 8.4 1.6-4.2 4.8-8.2 11.1-9.8 1.1-.3 2.2.4 2.5 1.5.3 1.1-.4 2.2-1.5 2.5-6.3 1.6-8.4 6.2-9 9.9.1 7.3 4.1 13.4 9.8 16.4v-.4c.2-5.1 4-8.1 7.7-8.9 4.2-.9 8.1.9 9.9 4.7.5 1 .7 2 .7 3 0 1.1-.9 2-2 2s-2-.9-2-2c0-.4-.1-.8-.3-1.2-1.2-2.4-3.6-2.9-5.4-2.5-2.1.5-4.4 2.2-4.5 5.1-.1 1.7.2 3.3.6 4.8 2.3 5.5 7.4 9.4 13.3 9.4 2.3 0 4.5-.6 6.4-1.7V4.5c-1.9-1.3-4-2-6.4-2-4.9 0-8.9 2.9-10.8 7.1zm-5.5 13.1c.2-1.1 1.3-1.8 2.4-1.6.2 0 3.1.7 6 3 2.5-3 1.6-7.1 1.6-7.1-.3-1.1.4-2.2 1.5-2.4 1.1-.2 2.2.4 2.4 1.5.1.3 1.4 6.5-2.8 11 .2.2.3.4.5.6 2.4 3.7 3 8.4 1.7 13.9-.2.9-1 1.6-2 1.6h-.4c-1.1-.2-1.8-1.3-1.5-2.4 1-4.4.6-8-1.2-10.8-2.4-3.7-6.6-4.8-6.7-4.8-1-.3-1.7-1.4-1.5-2.5zm4.4 43.2h-.3c-1 0-1.8-.7-2-1.7-.2-1.1.6-2.1 1.7-2.3.8-.1 7.4-1.6 7-9.4-.1-1.1.8-2.1 1.9-2.1 1.1-.1 2.1.8 2.1 1.9.5 9.3-6.6 12.9-10.4 13.6zM93.3 37.6c0-4.5-2.2-8.4-5.4-10.7C86.5 32.1 83.1 37.2 76 40c-.2.1-.5.1-.7.1-.8 0-1.6-.5-1.9-1.3-.4-1 .1-2.2 1.1-2.6 7.7-3 9.8-9.1 10-14.1C83 14.9 77.1 9.5 70 9.5c-.3 0-.6.1-1 .1-2-4.2-6-7.1-10.6-7.1-2.4 0-4.5.8-6.4 2v91.3c1.9 1 4.1 1.7 6.4 1.7 5.9 0 11-3.9 13.3-9.4.4-1.5.7-3.1.7-4.8-.1-2.9-2.3-4.6-4.5-5.1-1.8-.4-4.2.1-5.4 2.5-.2.4-.3.8-.3 1.2 0 1.1-.9 2-2 2s-2-.9-2-2c0-1 .2-2 .7-3 1.8-3.7 5.7-5.6 9.9-4.7 3.7.8 7.5 3.8 7.7 8.9v.4c5.7-3 9.6-9.1 9.8-16.3-.6-3.7-2.7-8.3-9-10-1.1-.3-1.7-1.4-1.5-2.5.3-1.1 1.4-1.7 2.5-1.5 6.3 1.6 9.6 5.6 11.1 9.8 1.7-2.3 2.8-5.2 2.8-8.4 0-3-.9-5.7-2.3-7.9 2-2.2 3.4-5.5 3.4-9.1zM70.4 65.9h-.3c-3.8-.6-10.9-4.3-10.4-13.6.1-1.1 1-2 2.1-1.9 1.1.1 2 1 1.9 2.1-.4 7.9 6.3 9.3 7 9.4 1.1.2 1.8 1.2 1.6 2.3 0 1-.9 1.7-1.9 1.7zM67.7 28c0 .1 0 .1 0 0-.1.1-.2.2-.3.2-2.2 2.3-3.8 6.1-2.4 12.4.2 1.1-.4 2.2-1.5 2.4h-.4c-.9 0-1.8-.6-2-1.6-1.2-5.5-.6-10.2 1.7-13.9.1-.2.3-.4.5-.6-4.2-4.5-2.8-10.7-2.8-11 .3-1.1 1.3-1.8 2.4-1.5 1.1.3 1.8 1.3 1.5 2.4 0 .2-.9 4.2 1.6 7.1 2.9-2.3 5.8-3 6-3 1.1-.2 2.2.5 2.4 1.6.2 1.1-.5 2.2-1.5 2.4-.5.4-3 1-5.2 3.1z"></path> </g> </g> </switch> </svg>
			<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html {2,8} title="index.html"
<label class="toggle-wrapper heart size-lg">
	<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	<!-- SVG -->
</label>
<label class="toggle-wrapper brain size-lg">
	<!-- SVG -->
	<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
	<span class="check"></span>
</label>
```

```css title="style.css"
.toggle-wrapper svg {
	width: 2em;
	height: 2em;
	fill: #809cb6;
}

.brain .check {
	margin-left: 0.5em;
}
```

## Sizes

To change the toggle switch size use [size setter classes](/docs/helpers/size-setters).
These classes just set a `font-size` property so it is possible to change it yourself by writing custom CSS. Do not forget to add class to the wrapper to change label size as well.

<PreviewBox
	height="250px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Toggle switch</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper size-xs">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper size-2x">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper size-3x">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="toggle-wrapper size-xs">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper size-2x">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper size-3x">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>
```

## Customization

There are CSS variables for customizing radios:

`--flatify__form-element-accent-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-bg-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-txt-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid`

Here is an example of these variables usage:

<PreviewBox
	height="160px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
		<style>
			.toggle-wrapper{
				--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37BC9B;
				--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #FFCE54;
				--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434A54;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color: #E0C341;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #F6BB42;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5D9CEC;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067B7;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #BF263C;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Invert colors
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Night light
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```css title="style.css"
.toggle-wrapper {
	--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37bc9b;
	--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #ffce54;
	--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434a54;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color: #e0c341;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #f6bb42;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5d9cec;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067b7;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #bf263c;
}
```

Commit message:

Added radio/checkbox/toggle validation classes + docs

website/docs/forms/toggle.mdx, after:

---
title: Toggle switch
sidebar_position: 5
---

import PreviewBox from "../../src/components/preview-box";

The toggle switch can be either checkbox or radio, it depends on the use-case and what you want to do.

:::info Validation
There are `.valid`, `.warning` and `.invalid` classes for validation. You can add them to `.toggle-wrapper`.
:::

## Checkbox toggle

All toggles can be checked.

<PreviewBox
	height="190px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Toggle switch</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Invert colors
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Night light
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Color correction
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	Night light
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
	<span class="check"></span>
	Color correction
</label>
```

## Radio toggle

One of them can be checked, note that radios' name attribute should be the same.

<PreviewBox
	height="180px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Toggle switch</title>
		<style>
			.toggle-wrapper svg{
				width: 2em;
				height: 2em;
				fill: #809cb6;
			}
			.brain .check{
				margin-left: 0.5em;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body class="flex-column-center">
		<label class="toggle-wrapper heart size-lg">
			<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" x="0" y="0" viewBox="18 22 55 50"> <path d="M63.878 30.241c-2.197-1.816-5.016-2.816-7.936-2.816-3.375 0-6.643 1.346-8.963 3.689-.418.422-.809.875-1.174 1.365-2.842-3.779-7.58-5.721-12.285-4.865-3.895.707-6.955 2.85-9.098 6.363-3.018 4.957-3.264 9.736-.73 14.209 1.357 2.398 3.117 4.73 5.375 7.127 4.141 4.404 9.045 8.586 15.441 13.162.406.287.842.432 1.295.432.701 0 1.176-.354 1.41-.529 5.682-4.055 10.342-7.961 14.248-11.943 2.211-2.252 4.719-5.021 6.553-8.475.785-1.479 1.682-3.467 1.627-5.738-.117-4.887-2.056-8.918-5.763-11.981z"></path> </svg>
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper brain size-lg">
			<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" x="0" y="0" enableBackground="new 0 0 100 100" viewBox="0 0 100 100" > <switch> <g> <path d="M5273.1 2400.1v-2c0-2.8-5-4-9.7-4s-9.7 1.3-9.7 4v2c0 1.8.7 3.6 2 4.9l5 4.9c.3.3.4.6.4 1v6.4c0 .4.2.7.6.8l2.9.9c.5.1 1-.2 1-.8v-7.2c0-.4.2-.7.4-1l5.1-5c1.3-1.3 2-3.1 2-4.9zm-9.7-.1c-4.8 0-7.4-1.3-7.5-1.8.1-.5 2.7-1.8 7.5-1.8s7.3 1.3 7.5 1.8c-.2.5-2.7 1.8-7.5 1.8z"></path> <path d="M5268.4 2410.3c-.6 0-1 .4-1 1s.4 1 1 1h4.3c.6 0 1-.4 1-1s-.4-1-1-1h-4.3zM5272.7 2413.7h-4.3c-.6 0-1 .4-1 1s.4 1 1 1h4.3c.6 0 1-.4 1-1s-.4-1-1-1zM5272.7 2417h-4.3c-.6 0-1 .4-1 1s.4 1 1 1h4.3c.6 0 1-.4 1-1 0-.5-.4-1-1-1z"></path> <g> <path d="M31 9.6c-.3 0-.6-.1-.9-.1-7.1 0-13 5.4-14.5 12.6.2 5 2.2 11.1 10 14.1 1 .4 1.6 1.6 1.1 2.6-.3.8-1.1 1.3-1.9 1.3-.2 0-.5 0-.7-.1-7.1-2.8-10.5-7.9-11.9-13.1-3.2 2.3-5.4 6.2-5.4 10.7 0 3.6 1.4 6.9 3.6 9.2-1.5 2.2-2.3 5-2.3 7.9 0 3.2 1.1 6.1 2.8 8.4 1.6-4.2 4.8-8.2 11.1-9.8 1.1-.3 2.2.4 2.5 1.5.3 1.1-.4 2.2-1.5 2.5-6.3 1.6-8.4 6.2-9 9.9.1 7.3 4.1 13.4 9.8 16.4v-.4c.2-5.1 4-8.1 7.7-8.9 4.2-.9 8.1.9 9.9 4.7.5 1 .7 2 .7 3 0 1.1-.9 2-2 2s-2-.9-2-2c0-.4-.1-.8-.3-1.2-1.2-2.4-3.6-2.9-5.4-2.5-2.1.5-4.4 2.2-4.5 5.1-.1 1.7.2 3.3.6 4.8 2.3 5.5 7.4 9.4 13.3 9.4 2.3 0 4.5-.6 6.4-1.7V4.5c-1.9-1.3-4-2-6.4-2-4.9 0-8.9 2.9-10.8 7.1zm-5.5 13.1c.2-1.1 1.3-1.8 2.4-1.6.2 0 3.1.7 6 3 2.5-3 1.6-7.1 1.6-7.1-.3-1.1.4-2.2 1.5-2.4 1.1-.2 2.2.4 2.4 1.5.1.3 1.4 6.5-2.8 11 .2.2.3.4.5.6 2.4 3.7 3 8.4 1.7 13.9-.2.9-1 1.6-2 1.6h-.4c-1.1-.2-1.8-1.3-1.5-2.4 1-4.4.6-8-1.2-10.8-2.4-3.7-6.6-4.8-6.7-4.8-1-.3-1.7-1.4-1.5-2.5zm4.4 43.2h-.3c-1 0-1.8-.7-2-1.7-.2-1.1.6-2.1 1.7-2.3.8-.1 7.4-1.6 7-9.4-.1-1.1.8-2.1 1.9-2.1 1.1-.1 2.1.8 2.1 1.9.5 9.3-6.6 12.9-10.4 13.6zM93.3 37.6c0-4.5-2.2-8.4-5.4-10.7C86.5 32.1 83.1 37.2 76 40c-.2.1-.5.1-.7.1-.8 0-1.6-.5-1.9-1.3-.4-1 .1-2.2 1.1-2.6 7.7-3 9.8-9.1 10-14.1C83 14.9 77.1 9.5 70 9.5c-.3 0-.6.1-1 .1-2-4.2-6-7.1-10.6-7.1-2.4 0-4.5.8-6.4 2v91.3c1.9 1 4.1 1.7 6.4 1.7 5.9 0 11-3.9 13.3-9.4.4-1.5.7-3.1.7-4.8-.1-2.9-2.3-4.6-4.5-5.1-1.8-.4-4.2.1-5.4 2.5-.2.4-.3.8-.3 1.2 0 1.1-.9 2-2 2s-2-.9-2-2c0-1 .2-2 .7-3 1.8-3.7 5.7-5.6 9.9-4.7 3.7.8 7.5 3.8 7.7 8.9v.4c5.7-3 9.6-9.1 9.8-16.3-.6-3.7-2.7-8.3-9-10-1.1-.3-1.7-1.4-1.5-2.5.3-1.1 1.4-1.7 2.5-1.5 6.3 1.6 9.6 5.6 11.1 9.8 1.7-2.3 2.8-5.2 2.8-8.4 0-3-.9-5.7-2.3-7.9 2-2.2 3.4-5.5 3.4-9.1zM70.4 65.9h-.3c-3.8-.6-10.9-4.3-10.4-13.6.1-1.1 1-2 2.1-1.9 1.1.1 2 1 1.9 2.1-.4 7.9 6.3 9.3 7 9.4 1.1.2 1.8 1.2 1.6 2.3 0 1-.9 1.7-1.9 1.7zM67.7 28c0 .1 0 .1 0 0-.1.1-.2.2-.3.2-2.2 2.3-3.8 6.1-2.4 12.4.2 1.1-.4 2.2-1.5 2.4h-.4c-.9 0-1.8-.6-2-1.6-1.2-5.5-.6-10.2 1.7-13.9.1-.2.3-.4.5-.6-4.2-4.5-2.8-10.7-2.8-11 .3-1.1 1.3-1.8 2.4-1.5 1.1.3 1.8 1.3 1.5 2.4 0 .2-.9 4.2 1.6 7.1 2.9-2.3 5.8-3 6-3 1.1-.2 2.2.5 2.4 1.6.2 1.1-.5 2.2-1.5 2.4-.5.4-3 1-5.2 3.1z"></path> </g> </g> </switch> </svg>
			<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html {2,8} title="index.html"
<label class="toggle-wrapper heart size-lg">
	<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	<!-- SVG -->
</label>
<label class="toggle-wrapper brain size-lg">
	<!-- SVG -->
	<input type="radio" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
	<span class="check"></span>
</label>
```

```css title="style.css"
.toggle-wrapper svg {
	width: 2em;
	height: 2em;
	fill: #809cb6;
}

.brain .check {
	margin-left: 0.5em;
}
```

## Sizes

To change the toggle switch size use [size setter classes](/docs/helpers/size-setters).
These classes just set a `font-size` property so it is possible to change it yourself by writing custom CSS. Do not forget to add class to the wrapper to change label size as well.

<PreviewBox
	height="250px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Toggle switch</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper size-xs">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper size-2x">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper size-3x">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```html title="index.html"
<label class="toggle-wrapper size-xs">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper size-2x">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>

<label class="toggle-wrapper size-3x">
	<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
	<span class="check"></span>
	High contrast text
</label>
```

## Customization

There are CSS variables for customizing radios:

`--flatify__form-element-accent-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-bg-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-txt-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning`  
`--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid`

Here is an example of these variables usage:

<PreviewBox
	height="160px"
	children='<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githack.com/amir2mi/FlatifyCSS/master/dist/css/flatify-min.css" />
		<title>Inputs</title>
		<style>
			.toggle-wrapper{
				--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37BC9B;
				--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #FFCE54;
				--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434A54;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color: #E0C341;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #F6BB42;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5D9CEC;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067B7;
				--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #BF263C;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" disabled />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Invert colors
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" checked />
			<span class="check"></span>
			High contrast text
		</label>
		<label class="toggle-wrapper">
			<input type="checkbox" name="the-toggle" role="switch" />
			<span class="check"></span>
			Night light
		</label>
    </body>
</html>'
/>

```css title="style.css"
.toggle-wrapper {
	--flatify__form-element-accent-color: #37bc9b;
	--flatify__form-element-bg-color: #ffce54;
	--flatify__form-element-txt-color: #434a54;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color: #e0c341;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__focus: #f6bb42;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__valid: #5d9cec;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__warning: #8067b7;
	--flatify__form-element-border-color__invalid: #bf263c;
}
```
